[Cache] SEO: cache-control header (#22270)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cache/concepts/cache-control.mdx

* How Origin Cache Control behaves with `Cache-Control` directives.
* How other Cloudflare products interact with `Cache-Control` directives.

## `Cache-control` header directives

> A `Cache-Control` header can include a number of directives. The `Cache-Control` header's directives dictate who can cache a resource along with how long those resources can be cached before they must be updated.

Author: ```suggestion
A `Cache-Control` header can include a number of directives, and the directive dictates who can cache a resource along with how long those resources can be cached before they must be updated.
```

Additional directives that influence cache behavior are listed below.

* `no-transform` — Indicates that an intermediary — regardless of whether it implements a cache — must not transform the payload.

> * `vary` — Cloudflare does not consider vary values in caching decisions. Nevertheless, vary values are respected when [Vary for images](/cache/advanced-configuration/vary-for-images/) is configured and when the vary `cache-control` header is [`vary: accept-encoding`](/speed/optimization/content/compression/).

Reviewer: I don't think vary is cache-control header.

> * `vary` — Cloudflare does not consider vary values in caching decisions. Nevertheless, vary values are respected when [Vary for images](/cache/advanced-configuration/vary-for-images/) is configured and when the vary `cache-control` header is [`vary: accept-encoding`](/speed/optimization/content/compression/).

Author: ```suggestion
* `vary` — Cloudflare does not consider vary values in caching decisions. Nevertheless, vary values are respected when [Vary for images](/cache/advanced-configuration/vary-for-images/) is configured and when the vary header is [`vary: accept-encoding`](/speed/optimization/content/compression/).
```
